<div align="center">

# OME-XML Metadata Editor

A Fiji plugin, that allows the user to **edit** (not add tags) the metadata of ome-xml files. This is useful for example for
curating metadata that was auto generated by bioformats, but has flaws. Work in progress.

</div>

## Overview

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [How to use the XML-Editor](#how-to-use-the-xml-editor)
- [Update History](#Update-History)

## Installation

Simply place the .jar file in the plugins folder of your Fiji installation. **Additionally you need to set a schema to
validate against**, this is most likely the latest ome schema available [here](http://www.openmicroscopy.org/Schemas/OME/2016-06/ome.xsd).
Set the path to the location in the settings of the plugin.

## How to use the OME-Editor

1. Select a file (an image of your choice) by clicking on file and then open image
2. Select a node by clicking on it in the tree in the upper part of the window
3. Edit the node by changing nodes in the lower part of the window.
4. To change the value of an attribute, simply change its text.
5. To delete nodes, click on them (in the lower window) and press the delete button that popped up.
6. To add Nodes, click on the title, an add button should pop up.
7. View the change you have made by clicking on Change History and then on show change history.
8. To save the file as .ome.tiff with the changes applied, click on file and then export to ome.tiff.
9. To save the change history, click on change History and then save change history.



